1 .Text editor
2. Browser of your choice
that is all

you can use brackets, sublime text, atom, vscode, notepad++, even visual studio. the list is endless

so here we are, what are we going to use the browser for?

 some can guess it, yes you are right, we are going to use it to run our web document.
 and text editor for writing our code and mark up
 so that brief intro maybe has given as the appetite to know more
 so let get to know it.

 I LOVE VISUAL STUDIO CODE AND THAT'S WHAT I AM GOING TO USE.
  so you can choose the editor of your choice and you are still good yto be apro


  for vscode there are many exciting features like auto save you have plugins and many more

  anybody with a question please use the chat area to ask you quiz
  so  to avoid saving my file everytime, i am goin to enable my auto save mode. so follow keenly to see  where you can get it.

  so let us get start with our very first web document file.

  u can use both .htm and .html extensions
  the very first statement, the doctype for html5

  the doctype tell the browser which type of document. for instance this would tell the browser we are going to use html5
  html is the parent tag.
  all other tags must be enclosed within the parent element.

  are we togther?
   so for vscode users maybe u are asking why my tags are auto completing
   i am using auto completion extensions

   Let me expalain the head and the body
   so usually we have title and meta tags on the body
   meta tags would contain more information  to help enhance search optimization.
   we also have link to css file put in the head,
   we have linkvto favicon,
   manifest file and so many more.
   What is title?
   This is what people use to find your website.
    e.g. and we run it.
    so my website is opening
    the title is waht will appear at top most of the browser
    sorry my laptop has issues today you are going to bear with me... sure it will load 

    right now our page may not even make sense but i know with time or tomorrow we shall build on where we have left today
    and thank you guys
    there are more we haven't talked about today because of time and the subject of the today study
    it was fundamentals and basic html tag
    i doubt if image tag is a basic one